### 3 About this Artwork

This is a detailed description of the artwork. You can use **markdown** formatting to style your text.

# h1 Heading 
## h2 Heading
### h3 Heading
#### h4 Heading  


Emphasis, aka italics, with *asterisks* or _underscores_.
Strong emphasis, aka bold, with **asterisks** or __underscores__.
Combined emphasis with **asterisks and _underscores_**.
Strikethrough uses two tildes. ~~Scratch this.~~
**This is bold text**
__This is bold text__
*This is italic text*
_This is italic text_
~~Strikethrough~~

1. First ordered list item
2. Another item
    * Unordered sub-list.
1. Actual numbers don't matter, just that it's a number
    1. Ordered sub-list

1. Make my changes
    1. Fix bug
    2. Improve formatting
    * Unordered list can use asterisks
    - Or minuses
    + Or pluses

- [x] Finish my changes
- [ ] Push my commits to GitHub

[I'm an inline-style link](https://www.google.com)

Footnote 1 link[^first].

Footnote 2 link[^second].

[^first]: Footnote **can have markup**
    and multiple paragraphs.

[^second]: Footnote text.

Colons can be used to align columns.

| Tables        | Are           | Cool  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| col 3 is      | right-aligned | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered      |   $12 |
| zebra stripes | are neat      |    $1 |

There must be at least 3 dashes separating each header cell.
The outer pipes (|) are optional, and you don't need to make the
raw Markdown line up prettily. You can also use inline Markdown.

> Blockquotes are very handy in email to emulate reply text.
> This line is part of the same quote.

Quote break.

> This is a very long line that will still be quoted properly when it wraps. Oh boy let's keep writing to make sure this is long enough to actually wrap for everyone. Oh, you can *put* **Markdown** into a blockquote.

